Little sister was almost out of breath just now
I'm in a hurry, sorry?
Now don't get me wrong.
What to do then?
Then when will you save my little sister again?
No need for today, maybe tomorrow.
Oh, by the way, Sister Mei
How about the fry in the fish pond?
Here we are, let's just go and have a look.
You go and have a good rest
I'm going to the boss, the fish here is so good
Why is there a group of people by Sister Mei's pond?
Bastards, they're all stealing my fish
Are you guys being rude?
They didn't react when they saw us coming.
Do you know these people?
Is it from Zhoujiazhuang?
Not what you do
You didn't know this fish belongs to my family
Blatant fish theft
Everyone is pretending to be deaf, right?
What are you doing?
This is my pond.
It's my fish
You ask me what I do
Let me go
Leave the fish to me
If you are not responsible, I will let you eat and walk.
You fish up first
Ok boss
Leave him alone with the rest.
I'll handle it.